Update to Yarn Berry (#4489)
facebook/react-native-website: README.md

### Prerequisites

1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
1. [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) _(`engines` field in `package.json`)_.

> 1. [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/corepack/) _(`packageManager` field in `package.json`)_.

Reviewer: This change is not helpful, let's revert to stating required versions directly in README file, but make sure they reflect the changes.

Author: are you sure about this because this way we have one source of truth and it can never get out of sync.

Reviewer: Yes, it's the part of the maintenance job to keep those versions inline. 

We should not expect users to jump across the files to find out which exact version of needed tools to run app are required, all information should be contained in a single place to make the process as streamline, as possible, especially for OSS newcomers.

### Prerequisites

1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

> 1. [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) _(>=v20)_.
> 1. [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/corepack/) _(v4)_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) _(version 20 or greater)_..
1. [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/corepack/) _(version 4 or greater)_.
```

There is no need to abbreviate the message, let's retain the existing form, just replace with correct values.

1. A fork of the repo _(for any contributions)_.
1. A clone of the `react-native-website` repo.

### Installation

1. `cd react-native-website` to go into the project root.

> 1. Run `npm install -g corepack@latest` to make sure [Corepack](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack?tab=readme-ov-file#-corepack) is installed and up to date.
> 1. Run `corepack enable` to enable Corepack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `corepack enable` to enable Corepack.
  > If the command above fails, run `npm install -g corepack@latest` to install the latest version of [Corepack](https://yarnpkg.com/corepack#installation).
```

According to Yarn docs this step should not be necessary on in most use cases. Let's make it as an optional hint, when enabling Corepack fails.
